A total of 155 countries and regions as well as 26 international organizations are attending the second China International Import Expo (CIIE), which is held in Shanghai from Nov. 5 to 10.

The exhibition area covers around 360,000 square meters. Sixty-four countries will host country exhibitions and 3,893 companies are attending business exhibitions, 

It is worth mentioning that 192 U.S. companies participated in the ongoing expo, an increase of 18 percent over last year. The floor space of U.S. exhibition area reached 47,500 square meters, taking up the largest exhibition area among all participating countries.

When China and the United States are locked in a prolonged trade woe, the U.S. companies show strong willingness to engage with China, indicating the fact that the two countries are deeply integrated economically and the trend of cooperation is irreversible.


Among the expo's diverse displays, 391 new products, technologies and services were launched for the first time on the Chinese mainland or worldwide. Over 1,300 exhibitors and 3,200 buyers attended a three-day match-making fair during the expo, inking a total of 2,160 tentative deals


High-tech products to power up CIIE
Let's take a look at the high-tech products at the upcoming event.

Jinbao robots
A total of 20 Jinabo robots will be put into use at the National Exhibition and Convention Center, the venue of the second CIIE. Jinbao robot can provide information about the center in Chinese and English and helps the participants navigate the area.

Full 5G network coverage
The National Exhibition and Convention Center, the main venue for the second CIIE, will be fully covered by the 5G network. China Unicom's Shanghai company has deployed 1,553 5G telecom points in the venue and 15 macro stations in the surrounding area.

5G ambulances
Six units of 5G ambulances will be used at the upcoming second China International Import Expo, to set up a mobile medical security platform that will cover the whole venue. Through the platform, doctors can see patients' information in advance to prepare in time for an operation, which shortens the time to rescue critically ill patients.

AR smart glasses
The East Xujing Station, the nearest subway station to the National Exhibition and Convention Center, uses AR glasses to realize real-time intelligent monitoring of passenger traffic, ensuring transportation safety for the second China International Import Expo.

Smart helmets
The smart helmet is an example of intelligent equipment integrating cloud computing, big data, internet of things, artificial intelligence and augmented reality. It can realize mobile communication, photographing, videotaping, intelligent voice and image identification.

The CIIE's attraction and international influence is enhancing, and it is increasingly becoming an important platform for international cooperation


http://www.dictall.com/dictall/newsInfo.jsp?id=106388